Document mcp nodes (#4037)
FlowFuse/website: src/node-red/flowfuse/index.md

---
eleventyNavigation:
  key: FlowFuse Nodes
  order: 5
meta:
  title: FlowFuse Exlusive Nodes

>   description: A detailed overview of the Node-RED nodes that are exclusive to FlowFuse, including their purpose, usage, and benefits for building integrations and automations.

Reviewer: detailed + overview is a bit self contradicting!  It is either an overview or detailed!

Also, lets be inclusive by default. We can call them "provided by FlowFuse" or "developed by FlowFuse" etc

---

# {{ meta.title }}

> This document lists the Node-RED nodes that are exclusive to FlowFuse and explains when and how to use them. It is written as a reference you will find useful when building integrations and automations that depend on FlowFuse services.

Reviewer: Again, some nodes will be (may be) not exclusive.

```suggestion
In Node-RED on the FlowFuse platform, you have access to additional Node-RED nodes that are provided by FlowFuse. These are documented in the below sections as a reference you can use when building integrations and automations.
```

Something like this ^ ?
